Update README.md - Fix Docs link (#106)
mufeedvh/code2prompt: README.md

## Alternative Installation

> Refer to the [documentation](https://code2prompt.dev/docs/welcome/) for detailed installation instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [documentation](https://code2prompt.dev/docs/how_to/install/) for detailed installation instructions.
```
